# Dear Marketers, We have more Questions! | Mailbag Ep

**Expert:** Emily Kramer

**Source:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eg8KjnXlr_A

---

Welcome to the final episode of season 1 of Dear Marketers with Emily Kramer and friends. I am here with all three of my favorite friends and co-hosts from this season. We have Jenny Tai. Uh we have Grace Ericson and we have Devon Watts. If you're not watching the video, we are all wearing our camo dear marketers hats. We are ready to go. It's interesting that I've done this podcast all season long, but have never had you all together. So, it should be an interesting time. Hi. >> So fun that we're all season finale. And you know, we're recording this on a Friday night and we're a mix between time zones, east coast and west coast. And for Devon and I, it is 6:15 p.m. on a Friday. So, someone said to me, "It sounds like when I listen to your podcast that you're all actually friends." And I was like, "No, no, we are. And if you didn't believe us, the fact that it is 6:15 p.m. on a Friday in the summer, the first day of August of all things, um, you'll believe us now. We're friends. This has been an incredible ruse. Yeah, we did such a good job pretending we were friends this whole time. This is the first time the four of us have ever had >> None of us actually work. >> We don't know each other. This first time I've met you all. >> I actually remember Kramer. That was one of our key perceptions for the pod was Emily Kramer has friends. >> Oh, yeah. We did it. That's right. That's true. Um, my mom is so happy. Dad, if you're out there, I do have friends. >> Since it's the final episode, should we celebrate with a toast? >> Yes. Yes. I was going to ask you what you were drinking, but you led me right to it. So, >> all right. >> Let's What is everyone drinking? >> Well, I've got milk. >> I have milk. If you're again, if you're not watching the video, you think I have milk in a clear glass, but I have it in a milk colored mug to double the effect. Mine is almond. >> Mine's oat. >> Whole cow milk. >> Whole cow milk. >> I will say mine being oat is not representative of my feelings on milk. I'm extremely pro cow milk. >> You have said this in another episode. I know because I went back today to tally best marketer wins and I heard you say that exact thing. I don't know what episode it was, but you said that exact thing. and paid by the dairy lobby. >> The dairy board as I've called it in other episodes. Jenny, what kind of milk do you have? >> I have half and half cuz that's all the dairy we had in the house today. >> How versatile are we? Um, I had a choice between soy and almond. I went with almonds cuz I'm actually going to drink it. All right, so cheers to saying milk in every episode and doing a podcast with your actual friends. Thanks. Love you, marketers. >> Cheers. >> I didn't drink mine because I think it's expired. >> Oh, that's the body good >> by itself is a lot. >> Mine's delicious. It tastes like a vanilla milkshake. >> Um >> mine was straight. >> So >> I'm actually might start drinking coffee now. >> Uh almond milk straight more often. All right. Now that we've spent um 10 minutes on the podcast just talking about milk, which nobody knows I we still don't know why we mentioned milk in every episode. If you're a longtime 12 episode fan, you know that we got pretty into it. Um it's nice to have a through line. Marketing was supposed to be the through line, but it turns out it was just milk. Uh, instead of having one question, we thought why not have 8 to 12. So, we won't go to type form and the dial tone for today's questions. Some of these were sourced via LinkedIn this week and a lot were from questions people had asked on the type form throughout the season. So, let's do it. The first question very meta, very appropriate from my friend Anna Fermanov. I've been on her podcast a couple times, too, so it feels very full circle. What did you most love and what did you least love about doing a podcast? Crickets. >> Can I pick just hanging with my pals? >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> I mean, but maybe on a more uh more than that. Well, in addition part of part of that hanging with my pals, but in particular, I think when you are uh like a marketing lead at a small company as I've been and maybe have a very small team or no team at all, uh you don't always get to like talk about marketing and the work in like a broader sense, and like a more open-minded or open-ended sense versus like the tactics of day-to-day. And so it's been very fun for me to talk about all the fun parts of marketing and also to get to learn from all three of you because you're smarter than me. >> Well, that's not true, but I think the lesson there for everyone is start a podcast with your friends. Maybe not that. It's a lot of work. I think the lesson is actually like find a circle of marketers that you trust that you can talk to. And I think that's this wasn't the question, but I think that's been one of the most rewarding things. I think the least thing, the thing I love the least about doing a podcast is it actually is a lot of work. You think, "Oh, this is going to be faster than writing something because it's just going to happen naturally." But there's some prep work that goes into it. Um, and there's >> You mean it's not all completely off the cuff? >> No, a lot of it is. It might seem that way, but there is some prepared. I think to make a podcast successful, you have to put a lot of work into it or there's just a lot of stuff out there. And so um it's different than for me like writing a long newsletter, which also takes a lot of time, but it's been shockingly different um than than that. So it's not just a piece of cake with a glass of milk. >> Yeah. Like for us, we don't spend our time talking to marketers about marketing like you do, Kramer. So for me, yeah, it's so fun to like, you know, reflect on evolution of everything that's been happening since we've been doing this work and yeah, feeling seen by our listeners, uh, sparring with you all. It's been great. >> Devon, you want to read another question? >> Yeah, I like this question. >> Great, because you're reading it. We're B2B marketers and probably most of our listeners are, but which brand do you think is doing the most interesting or innovative BTOC marketing right now? >> The name of the asker is Sad Bin Habib. >> Where I'm getting a lot of inspiration right now is PopMart cuz hellooo. >> Have you have you all seen me? This is soy milk. What is a labubu? >> A laboo is >> not half and half. It's soy milk now. >> It's soy milk. This is This is soy milk. A laboo is a cute little doll. A little monster doll. They are currently everywhere on social media and in real life >> because they're brilliant at BTOC marketing. So, here's what they do. Uh you when you buy Leoooo, it's in a blind box. So, you don't actually know what color you're getting. So that creates this thrill of like, oh my god, what am I getting? If you get a color that you don't really want, you'll probably buy another one. So repeat customer >> or trade word of mouth >> or trade word of mouth. Uh they also like release um labu in different themed collection. So this was part of the macaron collection. Uh there's also a have a seat collection. Multiple collections. So you got to get them all right. I don't know the words that you're saying, but I'm do time drops. They're great about uh kind of like managing the scarcity of it to just like increase the VA value and they've just really tapped into organic virality. There's like ton of celebrity influencers >> attaching these little guys to their to their bags and they're getting free placement on the pod right now. >> I don't think I'm a target audience. >> I was going to ask what is their ICP? So they you think they have a target audience and then they're like there's a halo effect that they didn't >> correct. Their target audience is probably like tween who are into like, you know, cartoons and and anime and kind of that. >> So like a modern Hello Kitty meets a modern Beanie Baby with smarter marketing >> slash Furby. >> Furby. Yeah, it does look like a Furby. >> And so I got influenced into buying one. So brilliant marketing. >> Get a Lubu. >> If you can't see, Jenny's Lubu is beige and wearing a Prada outfit, which I don't know if it came with the Laboo or was it. So, just the labu, there's a whole ecosystem of clothing, accessories. You can get labuboos for your labu now. Soy milk is the name of your labu. Did it come with that name? Cuz it's very confusing. >> Soy milk is the color of the liaboo and it came with that name. >> Yeah. >> And you are the chances >> that you are on a podcast with a secret word. I don't know what >> I know. Oh my god, I'm stunned. Thanks to our partner, Typeform, who made season 1 of Dear Marketers possible as our presenting sponsor. Type Form's been my go-to form builder for years, and I was thrilled to work so closely with a brand of product I've loved for so long as our podcast partner. You've almost definitely filled out a type form before, but Typeform can do a lot more than just collect responses. Start from a template or build your own form with logic and even add video. Add your brand kit so your forms feel cohesive and on brand. Enrich and score leads automatically. Use AI to summarize responses and send results to 300 plus tools. Use code MKT1 to get 20% off their annual growth plan. Thanks again, TY Form, for being here all season. All right. >> Okay. I'll pick another question out of the hat. >> Uh, what even is a marketing campaign anyway, and what isn't it? And does it actually matter? I have thoughts. Um, can you tell us who asked that question? >> This one was from Zenziana Ersu and I'm sorry if I messed up your name, >> Jenny. I think you have an answer. Yes, I have thoughts about this because I've worked with a lot of teams that just get really tripped up by overthinking what a campaign is or isn't and then they spend all of their time just trying to like get aligned on defining a campaign and then just burn all their time sort of just executing. >> This happens on LinkedIn too. I've even I've even participated a little bit. I know what a campaign is. >> Yeah. I actually think Emily or Kramer your respon >> Kramer in fact >> your you have a really good definition so I think you should share it with with the audience. >> All right, I'm going to do it without reading because I know it so well. Um here we go. >> We don't have notes. What do you mean? >> No, but I really am going to say I've I've had to say this so many times that it's one of the things I can say without looking. Um so a campaign is an initiative that combines fuel and engine for a specific audience. usually centered around a theme with a specific time frame. But the main thing is that it combines fuel and engine for your audience. So you're thinking about both in equal measure, you're putting it all together and boom, packaging it up into a initiative. And so I will add that I think part of the confusion is that in Salesforce, in HubSpot, in Adwords ad platforms, a campaign is like an initiative in there and it's a little confusing. So I would say that those are that's you have to kind of separate your thinking. Not all the campaigns that you run are necessarily going to map perfectly to say a campaign you track in Salesforce for instance. But a campaign a capital C campaign a big campaign that you run to bring all of marketing together to have a bigger impact a high impact campaign is the definition that I shared in my opinion. >> Okay. >> And my and in my definition >> here's a question. Is it a campaign if it's if there's only one channel? >> Yes. But usually they have more than one. >> Yeah. >> I say that because like >> you can have a life cycle campaign that's just email. >> That's just email. >> Linking out to something. >> Usually that usually is multiple. But linking out to something doesn't mean that it's linking out to a channel. It means it's linking out to an asset. See, now here we go. The reason it's so hard is this link out to a fuel. >> It combines it combines all all parts of marketing. So it combines so many things that then we get stuck on the definition of every single thing. Yeah. >> And so it's like what is a channel? What is an engine? What is fuel? And so it really doesn't matter. But I think the point is is that like >> marketing soup. It's an initiative that you're coming together and really saying like I'm intentionally putting this fuel with this engine for this audience and doing it in a >> not one fell swoop but in a >> it's coordinated coordinated it's coordinated and experience is integrated. So typically around a theme or like an event or some sort of you know milestone. And I I think also something that is a hallmark of maybe not something being a campaign or not being a campaign, but a great campaign is that the engine choices, your channel, how you're distributing >> help to also deliver on the message of the campaign. >> Yeah. They go together, >> right? So it's not just like, oh, so we have this thing and we're distributing it through ads, right? It's like, okay, where are those ads placed? How are they contextual to do with the message that you're trying to get across? Are you saying a productivity message? What if you put it in a place where you know people are always wasting time, right? Like how can the uh back in my Taco Bell days >> Oh, here we go. Big theme of the first episode, >> Live Moss. >> Bringing it full circle. Back in my Taco Bell days when I was very much living moss um and I was on the media team uh we referred to this in an atro with with an atrocious word that I love uh which is creatia which is that >> what >> creatia is this a liaboo competitor? >> Yeah. >> But creative basically that like the media choice is also a creative choice. >> Oh yeah for sure it should always be. Yes. But yeah, but I think it's a hallmark of good campaigns that actually like I think it is not that intuitive because I to to people who aren't running campaigns consistently because they're saying, "Oh, I have this piece of content, this piece of fuel, and I just need to push it out versus thinking about like what's the message that the mechanism is delivering." I think also B2 B2B marketers get tripped up specifically because I think campaign has this connotation of like it needs to be like a big brand advertising campaign with like out of home and like really you know like interesting creative and it's like no it's it's like fuel engine set period of time some sort of theme it's coordinated. It doesn't always have to be like a big splashy brand campaign. You can have many types of campaigns. >> I was gonna play a game for this. I'm gonna name a thing and you tell me if it's a type of campaign. >> A product launch. >> Yes. >> Yes. >> Uh a data report that goes in press and has an event around it too. >> Yes. >> Yes. >> Uh a blog post. >> No. >> No. >> No. Because there's no real engine tied to it. It's not around a theme. >> I think like I think the question of whether it matters is interesting. I don't really think it matters if you call an email nurture sequence a life cycle campaign or not but I think that because there are different tiers of campaigns and some are going to be bigger than others but it is important to have think about campaigns and understand are you really running campaigns how many of them are you running because it also serves to give the team focus right like when you have big tier one campaign calendar you know that during this certain period of time like as much work as sort of can ladder up to that as possible should like to the extent that it makes sense, right? You're kind of like centering the team's energy around this very clear message or audience or metric you're trying to move with this campaign um rather than spreading yourselves thin across a bunch of random acts of marketing. >> Yes, exactly. like you need to plan big capital C campaigns preferably across multiple channels with very intentional assets that match with the fuel that match with your audience because if you don't you're like doing things in silos and you need to maximize the impact anyway. Yeah, I think you have you have to plan for these if you >> and they can't all be product launches to our last episode of product launches. So you have to plan for these. How you exactly define it, it doesn't matter. But that you do the capital C high impact tier one big bet campaigns absolutely matters. These coordinated tight efforts really make a difference and give that John Beina momentum. I can take the next one. Uh all right. How should startups think about balancing experimentation with more traditional project planning? We are big fans of John Cutler's think big work small but do you think there are situations where this approach doesn't make sense for marketing teams. This question comes from Stuart Burmel. Thanks Stuart. >> Do you all know you did a great job. >> Yeah, that was really going above and beyond. >> Do you all know >> what have are you all familiar with John Cutler's think big work small? >> I'm not. >> Okay. I wasn't either and I asked Chachi PT to read it for me. Um, which you should never do with my newsletter. You should read the whole thing. >> I think I think small and work big. >> Okay. Well, let me say what it what Chat GPT says. It means have a bold strategic vision but execute through small, deliberate, iterative steps. >> Teams that only think big often end up paralyzed, stuck in vision, strategy jacks, or endless planning. Teams that only work small crank out tasks with clear direction leading to disjointed efforts or incre in incrementalism which I would call a random act of marketing. So you need to have big thinking that guides your direction and small steps that help you learn, adapt and build momentum. So what's your take on this? >> I think that's a very good point. I think it's about balance, right? Like you had you need the tier one campaigns, you need the big rocks we used to call them, right at Microsoft, Jenny. Um, and you need things that are just going to kind of keep running the business and keep like your core fuel >> that work against your strategy that aren't random. >> Don't work against your strategy, but that are Yeah. Um, >> and I also think some marketing functions and tactics are more um a better fit for experimentation like press for example. Like you can't really experiment with like let's tell a reporter this and see what happens. >> Yeah, I mean you can test it once and then try to scale it, but you can't even necessarily scale it because when are you going to have another story? I think that's a really good point. >> Yeah, you you like you can't really test. You have to have a pretty clear picture of the story you want to tell. You have to plan things in advance. Um whereas performance marketing, you know, you're experimenting all the time. Hopefully, web optimization experimenting all the time. Um within the framework of like a a longer term strategy. So yeah, I think it's also like not one sizefits-all across marketing functions in terms of the balance of experimentation and >> I think bigger projects. >> I think to that point like I would change this. It's not as catchy this way, but I would change this to think big, work small, and work big because I think you need the big bats. You need the big campaigns. You need the firework finale, the whatever analogy you want, but you also need to do small incremental things. So I had this framework. It's set KPO goals, not K not just KPI goals. So that means three types of goals. K stands for KPI, your metrics goals. P stands for projects or big bet projects, those big projects, those big campaigns, those big initiatives. And O stands for operations, things behind the scenes, hiring, tools, setup, new processes, automations that power the work to hit the big bet goals and the work to hit the KPIs. But I used to have a fourth type of goal, but I really liked the framework of set KPI go KPO goals, not just KPI goals. So I killed it. No, that's not why. But I used to have a whole another section of that, which was experiment goals. Um, which was if you don't make if you don't set aside time for experiments, you're not going to do them. And so then it really wasn't like apples and apples in terms of the amount of goals you're setting. And really you need to bake experiments into what's a small version of this project we can do before the big version. If we're going to do a big, I don't know, if we're going to do a whole on the road road show event series, maybe we should try one first or maybe we should try a webinar first. Um, so you need to like work this in. If we're going to try to hit our KPI goals by doing a lot of outbound, like we should probably try outbound first. So there's there's ways to kind of work these in. So it's more like experiments need to be integrated throughout you everything you do, but sometimes you got to go for it and you got to trust your gut and experimenting might lead you in the wrong direction. So I think my answer is not catchy. It's think big, work small, work big, and set KPO goals with an a culture of experimentation built in. That's a long one. >> Anything else? Did we answer the question? Someone checked that I answered the question. >> Yeah. >> Do you think there are situations where this approach doesn't make sense for marketing teams? The John Cutler framework. >> You gave you gave a good example. >> Yeah. Come here. >> All right. >> We should go read that. Thanks to our partner Framer, the noode website builder for projects and startups of any size. Framer's been with us since early in the season, and their product just keeps getting better. I love how fast they move and how fast they make building a website for marketers. Framer bridges the gap between design, dev, and marketing, and doesn't feel like an outdated CMS. Building and launching pages feels like designing, not wrestling with code and toggles. You can even type a prompt and Framer will generate a layout you can modify and build on. They also have built-in analytics with click tracking and AB testing so you can test and improve your site right where you build it without third party tools or slow messy scripts. If you're ready to switch to Framer, they'll actually rebuild or migrate your site for free in 3 days. New and existing teams on the scale plan are eligible. Just submit your brief at framer.com/switch. It is very difficult to say slashsw switch. Anyway, thanks framer for being part of Dear Marketer season one. >> Okay, I pulled a question out of a hat just now uh that I don't feel like I have a good answer to. So, I'd like to be the asker. May I ask this question? >> Yes, but we were going to move to like a lightning round of some quick hit questions. So, is this from the quick hit or the big hit hat? Okay, >> it's a quick hit. >> Lightning round. >> Tips and tricks to ensure highest webinar and private event dinner turnout. All right, we only have time for like a tip and a trick because this is our lightning round. So, does anyone have a tip or a trick for webinar and private event dinner turnout >> for a dinner for an inerson event? Um, send a car to them. Tell them you're sending a car >> and send a card to their door. >> Love that. >> Also, thanks to Chris Malani for asking this question from humanic.ai. My tip is to leverage your ecosystem. So bring in someone else that has an audience that overlaps with your audience but isn't exactly the same. Sounds so easy, but too often people don't do this. Whether it's in the booth in real life, as we talked about, I think in episode 10 on in real life events, or whether it's to a webinar, get people in there that have overlapping audiences, even if you have big reach yourself. Um, that's mine. I'm going to pick a lightning round question from the hat. This is related. What are the chances? When bringing on new co-arketing or co-selling partners, what's the best way to enable ongoing collaboration that drives meaningful results? Bonus points for AIdriven ideas that a lean team can implement. Thanks, Brandy Epileo. I just want to make a clear rule here. While there are bonus bonus points from Brandy here, these will bonus points will not be applying to the best marketer game at the end of the show because there's a lot of stakes writing on who wins this one. Not really. The first place winners are already set in stone, but it doesn't matter. it still is going to matter. So anyway, uh, anybody got a tip or trick for this one? >> I think with partners, you know, it's all hunky dory. You all feel great about it and then it's like, okay, how are we going to actually create accountability around some of these things that we're intending to do together? So something like a, you know, a shared project or like action plan with clear ownership and dates and stuff and then maybe have the GPT write you a email sequence that you can like set up for auto sending on certain milestone dates to be like hey let's get a meeting scheduled. So do the same things a salesperson might do for enterprise sales like you know whether using a CRM or I like to use audio um for partner stuff. See if you can set up really simple workflows. Not a sponsor on this one. just like using audio for partnerships myself. The other thing too is like to remember that you can use tools like clay or even like audio to enrich and actually find new partner ideas. I think people are so hung up on just using it for prospects. Grace, you tell us because you lead sales partnerships and marketing baller. I do. Well, I think an important thing for partnerships that at least when I was starting to plug in to like partnership work in earnest, which is very important for us as a cocoon, the amount of investment or the amount of importance on the partnership is not equal. And sometimes it's really unequal, especially like when you're a younger company and you're maybe relying on larger partners to help you grow. It could be your number one focus and your counterpart at that partner. You could be one of 20 partners that you're working with. And so figuring out that dynamic internally first, figuring out what is important to them, what is motivating to them. Is it shared revenue goals or is it actually like this individual wants to look good? And figuring out what are the actual things that are going to motivate them. All right, someone else read another This lightning round isn't that lightning, but it's lightning-ish. We always do this. >> Another lightning round question. Uh, why are so many B2B case studies painfully long and boring? How do we fix it? Thank you, Lucia Giles, for the question. >> I don't know if this is an answer. I fear this is going to get worse before it gets better because of AI created content. Like >> AI is not trying to get >> You think they're going to get longer and more boring? Oh, >> I feel like AI delivers a lot of filler words, which like is not my style of good writing. >> Um, and like it'll it'll base it off of existing long boring case studies, right? Like that's what it does. >> That's the thing that's feeding it in. Yeah. >> Probable case study outcome is a long and boring one. Therefore, I will create a long and boring one. >> But I part of it too, I don't think, is actually even the writing. like we need to ask better questions, right? Like it comes from like what actually is the meat of the story you're trying to tell and then then I think yeah it just becomes a lot less boring whether it's long or not. Um so >> yeah I I think I would just think less about the actual format and start with the actual customer story and value like did they actually do something cool with your product? ask good questions like capture the core uh substance of that and then you can package it up in all the different ways. I actually think Devon you did this really well back at Yammer back in the day. You guys produce really amazing videos and we turn those into written case studies. We use them in campaigns. Like it's not just the PDF problem solution what's next format. >> Yeah. I think it's really though also like part of the problem is that we're stuck in the default even with all these new tools. were just like, "Let's do the same thing, but now we'll do it with AI, so it's faster." It's like, "Maybe don't do the same thing at all." And so, I think it's the same problem with like the uh PDF one pager. Like, we have so many tools to not do that and to make like personalized customized web pages. Um, the community is great for that. There are other tools that are great for that. Like, lots of amazing tools for this. We also have cool tools that have uh there's a company called user evidence that pulls in customer quotes from all your feedback and makes it really straightforward. they've been a sponsor in the past as well. Um, but uh there's all these cool tools, but the problem is is that people like sales asks, "I need another case study. I needed another case study." And I don't fault them because they're really just like, "I need social proof." And that's what they've been trained to ask for. And so pushing back and saying again like what's the problem here? What are we trying to solve? Oh, we need to prove that we work for this type of business or we work for this type of rip and replace or whatever. >> Thing now is when we hear from sales that they need more case studies. The follow-up question is where do you look for case studies? >> They're half the time they're not the last. >> So, it's a lot of internal education like, "Hey, did you know we had a whole customers page on the website with like 50 stories that you can filter?" Yeah, let's start there. >> I mean, there's a whole episode that we didn't do this season because it's over. Uh, sorry. um on social proof and customer stories and all of this stuff because it's pretty poorly done. But this is a lightning round and we've already gone be beyond lightning. So just know that like rethink the plot. Don't just try to make it faster and easier to make the same case studies PDF apps you've been making before. 42 agency helps startups clean up and scale their marketing ops. From routing logic to fixing scoring, aligning HubSpot and Salesforce to running campaigns, they do the mops work your team avoids. Here's something we can all agree on. Not much in marketing can get done without the right setup and foundation to reach your audience. If you've added enrichment tools, signal tools, AI workflow tools, or started dipping your toes into account driven GTM this year, you're probably feeling the RevOps pain. Bringing in someone who's done RevOps work dozens of times before to partner with your team will save you hours, and we recommend 42. Visit 42aggency.com. the numbers 42aggency.com and mention MKT1 to get 10% off a consulting package. Thanks 42. So I'm going to read the next question. Okay. How do you think about the role the marketing team plays when supporting technical products like data and developer tooling companies? How technical do various members of the marketing team need to be to support these products and how do they build rapport with various technical roles across the company? And this question comes from Alli Beasel. Thanks, Ally. I got a take on this one, which is uh I think if you are a marketer at a deep tech company, I don't think it's actually realistic to to uh require that everyone on your marketing team have that, you know, depth of technical expertise. But you're probably going to want to invest in having some technical PMMS on your team. If you're marketing to developers, you'll probably want a developer relations function. Uh, and so these are the folks that are going to be like getting in the weeds with your target audience, can speak their language, especially because these these audiences typically don't want to be marketed to. Um, so yeah, I think that's table space stakes table stakes if you want to be credible. Um, that said, I think the rest of your marketing team needs to have some amount of working fluency in the, you know, kind of technical nuances of your product. Um, and they should be, you know, spending time with your internal subject matter experts, your customers, just so they, you know, can can understand, uh, kind of how your product fits into their data. So, yeah, I would say not realistic for everyone to be super technical, that you'll definitely want to invest in certain um, functions within your team. I kind of disagree in that I think developer focused companies may think that they're like more special snowflakes than they are, but let me let me explain that. I'm going to flip it around in a second. Like, it's not that special. Every company should be looking for marketers who can deeply understand the audience, no matter if it's themsel or not. Can deeply tap into it, can figure out how to add value in a way that's specific to that audience, can figure out whether they like sort of cheesy stuff or whether they want to be talked to like the technical experts they are or whatever it is. Like, find the people that can tap into the audience. And I think some people to do that have to know the audience really well. They have to be like married to someone in the audience or like have marketed to them before. I'm just laughing because Devon's married to an engineer that was directly targeted. But like some of the people that that do that don't like they can figure it out and they have figured it out or they're really great at working with the subject matter experts internally. They're a really great like crossf functional person who can interview and like listen to people and I would say that you're like this Jenny like where you're really great at like listening and pulling out the themes and finding it. And so you might not. And so really it's like every I think Kathleen and the co-founder of Market One and I I think we did something actually like in Techrunch or something a while back at the very beginning where we said the best marketing is developer marketing which is like everyone should take an example which is like nobody likes to feel marketed to. They like to feel seen and heard and all of those on one hand developer companies are not that special but in other ways like everyone should try to be as special as they are and that like you need to find those right marketers right >> the problem isn't unique. Yeah. >> Yes. The problem is unique. >> But those companies have found the solution faster maybe by like an imperative of the audience. >> Yes. >> Right. But it doesn't >> that's a better way. That's a that's a more sophisticated way to say it. Thank you, Grace. >> Yeah. I feel like our answers aren't are a lot different. I think it's just a um I think it just hinges on whether we think developers are special or not. But it goes back to like know your audience. >> I think every audience is special, Jenny. >> Yeah. I do think there is something here about technical products which I would say that a technical product isn't necessarily >> like dev right you can have a highly complex product that isn't in that >> yeah I think deep tech includes like data security and compliance like it's not just >> but it could also mean something that's very industry and vertical specific and my answer remains the same there uh founders always ask me do you need to hire someone who's an expert in the vertical I'm like it's actually more important to find someone who's an expert in your business model or has done any sort of vertical marketing before to an audience that they don't know well like that's what's important that they understand how to focus on a very specific niche that they understand how to learn something that maybe isn't a startup for startups. Yes. Yes. Yeah. I I think that's exactly my point which is that like uh for instance cocoon is a very very technical sale not being sold to a technical buyer uh which is a specific niche that like a per like right it takes being able to straddle it's true though so I'm in fintech which one could argue I mean fintech is pretty complex with like payments and you know interest rates and float revenue and I don't know it's like any anything. >> Yes, anything is complex if you don't know anything about it, right? And I didn't know much about actually actual banking before I I know it for a while. >> That's the thing. I think that building a good marketing team is not first of all, you're going to be so limited if you just look for people who've already who either like come from an engineering background or finance background in the case of fintech. And the way more important thing is to get a good marketer who is high aptitude and will quickly learn >> and knows how to figure it out and knows how to figure it out. Well, and also actually like I think there's something to be said for bringing in the people that can figure it out and don't have the, you know, this is what we've always done for this audience. Oh, CFOs have always wanted white papers. We keep doing white papers. That's >> they really want PDF studies. >> Yeah. They want >> Yeah. They don't necessarily. Yeah. So I think it's like all marketing is kind of the same the same thing. I mean I do think there's something to be said for not reinventing the wheel and knowing hey we probably shouldn't you know we can probably learn from these companies on what they did from de developer marketing and then see how that applies to all our company but I mean it sounds like again we could do a whole episode on this specifically too and I'm not trying to discount the marketers who have spent their whole career focused on this. There is a place for it that but it's definitely not the whole team and I don't think you should limit your search. >> Don't just hire technical marketers. It needs to be a balance. Yep. Okay. >> Okay. There's a question about positioning that I want to ask. >> Okay. Do it. Ask it. >> How does the process or framework for developing positioning change for different verticals or startup stages aka different segments is probably how I would have said this. Uh from Brian Otoon, I think. >> I think it's Briana Oto Boni. >> Oh yeah. Sorry. I was looking at the LinkedIn URL, not the actual written out name. Briana, thank you for the question. Briana, I will also start answering this one. I do feel like I have an answer. I think for positioning the process doesn't actually the process and the framework don't really change that much, but one element of the framework is the audience that like who are we for? And when you're positioning working on positioning for a specific segment, that audience definition becomes narrower and more specific. So you develop your positioning within the framework of your overall product positioning but with that specific audience or segment in mind. So you emphasize different you know the benefits that you think are most important to that specific subsegment. You maybe you know highlight certain features or products that you know are particularly important to them. But I don't think the that the process fundamentally changes. But do you guys what do you guys think? >> I I don't think for verticals it does. I do think that for stages of your startup >> it almost certainly does because at stage you know zero >> oh stages of your startup I was thinking like >> your customers >> oh size but I think you're right that that's what this person means is like as your company evolves to the next stage right >> how does the way you do positioning change >> stage zero of your company you need, you know, a positioning statement, three core benefits, some clear differentiators, and to shove it out the door so you can start getting feedback. >> Yeah. >> Right. Which is really different from when you're Okay, now we sell to three different verticals. >> Yeah. and we need different positioning for the verticals or we need positioning for the different personas or actually we've learned a lot more about our competitors in this time and that's an important part of our diff of our positioning now and it wasn't previously. So I think like anything it matures >> it matures and evolves because the market's always evolving right? >> Yeah. like right it's of course if you're using your framework from day one for your positioning at your series C your series C positioning will probably be missing something >> totally yeah you have to do that continuous research and validation I think um especially as you expand who your ICP is who you're selling to and yeah as the as just time goes on right people's perspective changes their priorities change so you have to revisit and make sure that positioning still makes sense. >> I think the big thing here is you want to do positioning overall for your primary audience. Then you want to break it down and do it for each one. But you also want to tell like your founders or other teams that that's what you're doing because a lot of times um people think that that overall positioning is for everyone. And if everyone is not on the same page, like this is our main positioning for these audiences and hey, we're going to actually do a sectioned off version for this audience. That's not totally different but but somewhat different. That's important for people to know from the get- go. I think a lot of positioning debates that happen are like because people don't understand like we're positioning for the next 3 to 6 months or till things change for these audiences, not these audiences. And so I recommend not only like breaking it down by ICP, but even breaking it down like in 12 months our positioning might be this because that solves a lot of problems too. A lot of founders are so used to selling the vision that they want to position way ahead and it's like no no, we'll get there. That's going to be in the future. Um, so I think there's like yes, do the main positioning statement, but recognize that you are definitely not done. You're never done, and you need to branch it off into other different things. Um, I don't know, that's a whole episode as well. All these things are whole episodes. >> That's basically season two. >> Just also remember, you can't be everything to everyone. So, >> yes. >> Careful how many ICPS you have. >> Yeah. Oh, this should like branch off forever. You should have 10 You shouldn't have 10 ICPS and 10 versions of your positioning statement. Yeah. >> Great. Love it. All right, Grace, pull this qu next question out. Read it for us. >> Next question. Uh, moving up market is a challenge. What are key indicators that your company is successfully moving up market? What should marketing be looking out for? That's from Corey Hamore. Thanks, Corey. Moving up market is a challenge. I just took a sip of milk, so I should be ready for this question, but um, okay, I got an answer. There anybody else have one? >> I mean I have one which is sort of that I mean to the point to the question of what are key indicators that you're successfully is mo company is successfully moving up market. >> I really think like customers will tell you like you will start to actually like kind of organically attract bigger and bigger customers. You will start selling to upmarket customers like without really trying to. And again, not like they'll all start flooding in like this isn't just like sit around and wait for them to come, but I do think it's more of a cautionary tale. I've seen a lot of companies think they're ready to go up market long before they are and set KPIs and company level OKRs around moving up market when the product was just nowhere near. You know, every time we would talk to a bigger customer, they would be like, "No, here's all the reasons why." So, I think you do need those signs from the market a little bit at least to kind of validate that that you should really uh take that like swift. >> I liked your I liked Well, I liked your point, Devon, for sure. But, Jenny, I liked your follow on point as well. >> Yes. I similar to Devon, I've seen a lot of companies basically start a new fiscal year and say, "We're moving up market. Here's our enterprise segment. It's this headcount. we're going to set pipeline of revenue goals that start today and it's like let's back up 10 steps because we have zero awareness. It doesn't just turn on overnight. Um and I think that's often a mistake I see. But I think if you know to talk about specific indicators about whether you're successfully moving up market or even ready, I think one basic thing you can do is just look at your inbound traffic like directly to your homepage and if you can track um the accounts that are are landing on your homepage and starting to see >> which you should be able to do because you should have all your accounts. >> Exactly. uh if you're starting to see an uptick in larger companies, then yes, you're probably there's probably some organic traction out there um among upmarket buyers. But I think yeah, that's so important to keep in mind is that you might think you're ready for up market and you probably haven't done a lot of foundational work to get you where you you want to go. Yeah, I think there's I think like you're right like expectations are often way off on how easy this is going to be. I also think people try to jump. They're like we're 50 to 100. Let's go to 500 plus do. let's do mid-market and enterprise at the same time. And at that point, you're actually doing like >> there's like no economies of scale in some situations where you're doing SMB and enterprise. Like you need to you especially if you're like PLG or even have a sales assist like it's a completely different sales motion. It's completely different channels. Like you might be if you're mostly inbound or um even referral driven and then you're like have to be most mostly partnerships and events driven like it can be completely different channels completely different content. >> Yeah. If you started PLG and then you're like I'm going to go up market and layer in sales motion. People's mindsets are wired to think oh this is a very fast sale like it's just literally you know >> but not only that like your marketing team might be wrong cuz to my point before like you know I don't necessarily think you need to get someone who has experience with your audience but I do think that marketing for different motions and different ACVs is a totally different thing. Doesn't mean the whole team needs to switch but it means maybe you need to hire someone that's enterprise focused. Maybe you need to hire a salesperson that's enterprise focused. like this is going to take some time >> and maybe you need a pod to like go out and test it a little bit and do some of this stuff on an experimental basis before you like say oh we're going to get all this revenue because it just can take a really long time and there's just again there's not a lot of economies of scale if you go so like baby stepping sometimes works a lot better >> baby stepping and then using the results to like do internal education be like hey this is this takes a lot longer these are the actual channels that work like it's very different from what we've been doing >> I like Think of it about as like whether you're going from ICP to ICP, the same question remains. I mean, I guess this is a different ICP, but like, hey, we're trying to sell from this vertical to this vertical or we're trying to go from SMB or mid-market to upmarket. In all of those situations, you want to build like little bridges first. Little bridges. Um, like you want to do it so that like one audience helps you get to the next audience. And so that could bring mean like bringing on an ecosystem partner that helps you reach your core audience, helps you reach the new audience. Like find like bridges to get there. don't just think you can make like the leap frog. And so, um, yeah, I think the big thing is expectation setting. It's not going to happen overnight. >> And you do want to feel some of that pull and you do want to test the waters. And you might need to use different channels that you're already using to test the waters. >> Um, >> all right. I think we have time for two more. One long one, one short one. I'll read this one. It's from my friend Elaine Zelby, who is a co-founder of Tofu. Uh what does not enough just right and too much measurement of channels and campaigns look like? What does too much look like? >> That is distracting you that you're spending all your time trying to instrument attribution and measurement and not like actually doing things like >> all of your ops work should be taking your team like your ops like back to the KPO goals like your ops your hiring all of that behind the scenes work should be taking like 20 30% of your team's time not 100. Yeah. Yeah, I think that it distracts from decisions. I think the bigger thing about measurement than like not to insult Elen's question, it's great, but again, whole podcast episode. Um, it's that the ways that we used to do basic attribution, which was like start with first touch attribution, figure out how people came to you, doesn't work anymore. If you were doing marketing the 2025 way, you're putting all of your accounts into your CRM or database in advance. You're doing that research, you're enriching the accounts, you're finding who's in your ICP and adjacent ICPS that you might go after next and you're loading them up. And so if you do that or if you have a ton of SDRs even a few years ago and they're building up all these lists, the first the original source is going to be list or research and that is completely not useful and it's going to look like all of it came from that and not inbound. So, it's actually much more useful to know what happened right before a meeting. And that isn't necessarily even out of the box in HubSpot and Salesforce, but what was like the last touch right before the meeting or what happened right before. Um, but even more important than that, because marketing is not linear and we've learned all this and people come in different ways, is to know all of the things that are influencing pipeline and revenue, which is typically called campaign influence. So, knowing all of the interactions and ha having to lad like and lading them up. I think another big mistake that I see is when companies look at channels in isolation. >> What did we get from X? Y. >> Yeah. >> And like that's not how it works. If you turned off like what did we get from uh Adwords? Just a basic example. What did we get from paid search >> and you then turn off paid search? You might lose more than what you think you're going to lose or you might gain more. Like things that was not a great example, but things are not done in isolation. like one channel impacts the other channels and so many finance teams I just saw it last week ask people to report on the efficacy of each channel. No, it's the efficacy of each campaign >> of the campaign. Yeah, that's exactly what I was saying. >> People drill down into specific tactics within channel and I've like no >> because you can't optimize that way. You can't if you're optimizing between each of those things, everything's going to break. You need to be optimizing at a large level for the trees. you just end up spending all your time trying to drill down into like every, you know, >> detail and minutia and it's just not helpful for anyone. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. The goal should be improve blended CAC and payback periods over time, not to prove the worth of a single channel or a single campaign or initiative. Actually, like you want to know which campaigns are sort of, you know, most pushing people through the funnel, but even that is imperfect. You should look at campaign influence. So, it's still it's not even the goal. The answer the question you're trying to answer is not even was this channel effective or was this campaign effective, but are we acquiring customers in an increasingly more efficient way across channels, marketing channels, sales, partnerships, like fully blended. >> There is no perfect answer. And if you're seeking a perfect answer, you're going to waste a [ __ ] ton of time. >> That's when you're in too much measurement mode. >> Yeah. I got so excited about this question or intense that I was I'm wearing Crocs right now. I'm in New Hampshire, guys. And I was playing with a jibbit on my shoe and I broke the jibbit from the little holder. >> Oh no. >> And it's my camp. It's my summer camp jibbit. So it's like you can't just go buy it at the Croc store. >> How are people going to know you're a campown? >> Crocs. Great great consumer brand. >> Just great great consumer brand. Back to the B TOC question. >> That's true. Actually really cool. You guys know what the history of Crocs? It's Yeah, it's great. >> We'll talk We'll talk about that after the show. The other thing I want to say here because I have to say it. I don't know if I said it on the whole pod and I it's feel really strongly about this. That's why I tore my jibbit off my Crocs like and broke it. Uh is that do not call things team name source pipeline marketing source pipeline sales source pipeline or uh don't call it a sales qualified lead and a marketing qualified lead. Call it qualified one. Call it qualified two. call it inbound, inbound pipeline, outbound pipeline. Even that kind of has problems. It just creates territorialism and that's not how it works. We're doing different things. We're working together. That's not how it works. And don't base your hiring plans on that either. I I'm going to I don't have anything else to say on that. I'm exhausted. Um, thanks Elaine for breaking my croc. >> She's gonna have to buy you new >> her croc. The jibbit. Well, my whole croc is ruined now. Jenny, last question before best marketer. Devin, why don't you read it? >> Okay. Oh, this is the the impossible to answer question. How do we finally get CEOs to respect us as marketers? Is that too much to ask for 10 minutes from Julia Wiltshire? This is such a sad but good question. >> Uh, I have a oneline answer. Listen to the full season of Dear Marketers podcast. Share it. Actually have two seconds sentences. Read Market One newsletter. Is the implication there that we all have gotten CEOs to respect? >> No, it's not that >> it's that um >> I'm speaking for myself. I'm like still working on it. >> I have truly only gotten CEOs to respect me after I've left the company or founders that I advise and don't work at the company. Like it is so much harder internally to get a CEO to respect you day in and day out as a marketer. Um unless the founder is a marketer or Not toot my own horn, but my CEO respects me. >> What are your tips and tricks? >> And has since before I became a sales leader, too. >> Uh, well, no, I think I picked a I think I assessed founders based on their respect for marketing in the first place. I I picked someone predisposed to respect me. >> That's a big part of it. If a founder doesn't like marketing at all when you join, they're probably never going to like it, >> actually. And I I do think another piece of it though is to find ways you can demonstrate how your marketing brain is valuable to more parts of the business than just marketing >> because marketing thinking. >> Kramer's like very unconvinced. I just >> I were like nodding profusely and Kramer's like >> the CEO that isn't familiar with marketing likely the the root of this is often that the CEO has a narrow view of what is marketing and what is good marketing whatever >> the reality is every part of the business can be improved by marketing in some way and marketing thinking almost every part of the business and So, so if you can demonstrate how you can improve um your retention numbers with marketing, which was something that had to be actively demonstrated like at a company I worked at or if you could demonstrate >> the onboarding experience onboarding marketing, >> the how the product experience gets better when you embed education in it. And that is marketing thinking of how do you guide people through an experience, right? like when you can start to basically give your marketing opinion to every part of the business and show that why was I getting upset because I think if you come in like guns blazing and like I can think like product I can think like sales like you have to do it in like a marketing way so you can really step on people's toes and like I've probably done that before where you're like I can fix it all and so like baby step >> um but build trust first but I agree I I think Grace is right because it's all about understanding what they care about and They don't just care about marketing. They care about the whole business. So if you can add value in lots of different ways, then >> they're just going to trust you even more deeply and >> find the right like find the places where you can extend your value beyond the confines of what the CEO thinks is marketing. >> Expand their horizon >> and pick one and be like, oh well, I can support on this project or I have an idea about this problem you're trying to solve. Let's work together. and start to, you know, then all of a sudden you're embedded in every part of the company and you are instrumental. >> That could be scary. Um, don't do that for real. Don't Yeah, that's what Grace did. Here's here's here's some like quick things though because I I have gotten so much better at this in the five years I've been well working with founders um directly across many businesses. But there are some basic things. Come in and get quick wins. Like come into the company and like don't like yes, I love a big bet project. We've talked all about it. get a quick win. Like do something really quickly that shows impact somewhere. Um even if it's boring like low hanging fruit, like do something that you can point to the success of quickly. Um I think the next thing is have a plan. Even if they're not asking for it, have a plan that you can pull up and point to when they're asking for a bunch of things. Um the last one is that like marketing isn't sales and it's not that narrow. And so I use this analogy all the time. Building a marketing team is more like building a product team. It's mult multi-disiplinary like engineering product and design. You're doing long-term projects and trying to hit short-term KPIs. That's more like product and sales which you're really focusing on quarterly revenue and and I'll throw more about this in the newsletter, but those use the fuel and engine analogy. Explain marketing. Recognize they don't know as much about marketing as you might think they do because they probably don't. All of these things work pretty well, but again, if you come in and the person doesn't love marketing and thinks marketing is like the plague and like they're reluctant to even bring it on, like you're probably not going to change your mind. So, just know if you're setting yourself up for failure when you when you when you join. But I think all of this comes down to know your audience and know what they care about. Like all of these things, how do you work better with partners? How do you work better with your internal stakeholders and your founders? How do you work better for your audience, whether developers and technical or not? Know your audience. know what they care about, know how to speak to them, that's marketing. And if you don't want to do that, you probably shouldn't be in marketing, to be honest. So, um, >> that's the sound bite. >> And that's the end of that podcast. You probably shouldn't be in marketing. >> I love that. That was my last line. That is the most Emily Kramer thing to >> We'veed, right? Because we have to figure out who lost the most at best. Probably shouldn't be in marketing. >> No, it has nothing to do with that. Um, it was very loose, questionable judging throughout the best marketer game. Half of them that didn't have to. So, I had to decide this morning who actually won the round. It's >> one of the wins got rescended in La La Land and then granted to me on LinkedIn. >> Oh, I didn't. >> All right, we might have to go back and do some retal. We might have to do some retaliating. I do want to play one last version of best marketer which is so Jenny you killed my answer because the game is what have you learned about B2B marketing from blink and I have a different one for each of you and I didn't tell you the blanks in advance and for Jenny mine was going to be what have you learned about B2B marketing from Labu. >> I already gave my response >> but you already gave your answer so does that give you >> and it was a good answer >> probably because you predicted what it is. It's really not in this document. So, I got to think of a new one from Jenny, but I'm going to go with Devon and Grace first. So, Devon, yours is, "What have you learned about B2B marketing from owning a pontoon boat?" Now, you know why I didn't share these in advance. They're so random and weird, but very personal at the same time. Um, sometimes you're going to hit the dock, and that's okay. Good news with a pontoon is it's kind of b bouncy. It's kind of bouncy. So if you hit the dock, it's okay. You'll bounce back. >> Yeah, you'll you'll keep floating. >> It's very clear that you have not been on a lot of pontoon modes, Grace, because bumper cars. >> It's not really like an elastic situation uh situation. >> I see it. This is making it clear. I haven't touched upon >> from the Midwest, Grace. Okay, Jenny, I have a new one for you. It's kind of like a Luba, but it's about real life Laboos. Jenny, what have you learned in the past couple of years about being a dog mom? Um, that it's very important to uh lean into brand consistency. So, my dog Boulay is very much aligned with um, you know, who I am and what I stand for. I am very much about that creme fresh lifestyle. So, he fits right in. Uh, so yeah, I think it's, you know, >> can you explain what the creme fresh lifestyle for people who haven't listened to all 12 episodes of this podcast? >> Well, I think as if you were watching uh the video clip, you can probably see that my home is quite uh creamy in color. Uh, so we don't have any dark colors, quite milky. Uh, Boulay is uh a curly white dog with a little bit of tan on his ear, so he fits right in. Just blends in. You have a you have a strong brand identity and your dog fits into it. >> Yeah. >> And it's not sad beige. It's creme fresh. I just want to clarify. >> Grace, what have you learned about B2B marketing from the three of us? >> You have the hardest question. Oh, everything I know cuz I was a Taco Bell marketer before I knew any of you and I hated B2B marketing. I thought it was the worst, the dumbest, the biggest waste of creativity and time. such a snooze. Whatever. So, everything I know. Oh, there we go. Great answer. Um, all right. Here's the thing. Let me give you the tally so far. Jenny has a technicality, which is that apparently I gave her a win on LinkedIn after the fact, but as of right now, it doesn't matter who wins because Grace is untouchable. As of the tallies this morning, again, there might be a correction. Um, Jenny, I did it based on how many times you won versus how much you participated because Devon participated in one more episode. There's a mismatch. I try to make it balance. I did it. So, uh, Grace is at 67% of the podcast she participated in wins. And I think one I think two of those there was no winner. So, she's like lay your head. Devon's at 50 and Jenny's at 43. But things might change a little in >> with the recount. Need a recount. So it does >> honestly predicted that Jenny would be the leader. >> I was confused. >> So many drops sound bites. >> It was at first Devon was taking a lead. I mean everyone during the 12 episodes there was changes in the lead. But by the end Grace was had flown ahead. So it doesn't matter who wins this one. So I'm going to say everyone gets a point this time because I gave such different questions. I don't know how I can possibly judge. >> But >> so Grace still wins overall. >> But Grace is going to win overall no matter what. So, Grace Juan, Grace is the quote best marketer. Does >> this mean the student has officially become >> I was going to say, but we taught her everything she knows. So, really, we win. >> We win. Everybody wins. So, with that, I want to thank our sponsors, Tyform, Framer, and 42 Agency. Typform, thank you for uh helping co-present this podcast and for being a part of it from the beginning. Framer, thank you for being part of nine out of the 12 episodes. That's almost as many best marketer games as Grace One. And thanks to 42 Agency. They were one of my first sponsors on Market One from forever ago. So, if you need a great way to do research or gather information on forms, check out Type Form. If you need to build a website, check out Framer. If you need help with your marketing ops or demand genen, go to 42 Agency. And thanks to Jenny, Devon, and Grace, but especially Devon because I learned this morning that she did more episodes than everyone else, even though that wasn't planned. Um, no, but thanks to all of you for participating in this on Friday nights, Monday mornings when you have full-time jobs and handling all the chaos and the newfound fame. Um, and uh, thanks to Caspian Studios for producing this whole thing. And to everyone who listened to even but a minute of all of this, that's all we have. We don't know what we're doing for season 2. Maybe we'll be back. Maybe we won't. Rate us if you want us to come back. Don't rate us if you don't like us. And thank you. >> Will there be merch? >> Will there be a merch store? >> There will be a merch store. I'm working on it. >> Store. Merch store. >> Any sign off words? >> Got milk. >> Thank you for having us. This was fun. >> Got milk. Got milk. >> I'm going to be smug about my victory for years. >> Years. I'm going to get you some mums. That's a throwback reference to I think episode one. I want to say that through this podcast, I learned that there was a follow-up sequel remake to the movie Don't Tell Mom the Babysitter's Dad. And I don't think there would have been any way I would have known that if I hadn't known this podcast. So, that's what I've learned through all of this. And so, I'm going to go watch that. >> That's rewarding. >> Very rewarding. >> Um, I learned that I have a lot of frameworks and now I call them craymarks. And people say to me, "Oh, I like your crayons." And it's really embarrassing. They say that to you. >> Mhm. >> That's the end of that. Bye >> bye. [Music]